README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <img alt="Stein Banner" src="https://github.com/steinjs/stein/blob/39642453d9e10aa181e4da245d89ba57a51adffd/.github/stein_banner.svg" width="100%">
  </picture>
</p>

![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40steinjs%2Fcore?style=flat&color=5a8dbd)
![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/%40steinjs%2Fcore?style=flat&color=5a8dbd)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/steinjs/stein?style=flat&color=5a8dbd)

Stein is a framework for [SolidJS](https://solidjs.com) built on top of Vite to provide helpers and tools to make your life easier while developing SPAs. It is modular with a plugin system based on Vite plugins and a CLI to make it easy to get started.

## ⬇️ Install
The **recommended** way to get started using Stein is by running the command below:

```bash
npm create stein@latest
```
The process should look something like this:

![stein_cli](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8b26aa5b-1471-4177-a8c1-e3d679a96853)

For more detailed instructions, please reference our [Getting Started](https://stein.js.org/docs/core/) guide.

## ⁉️ Why Stein?
Stein was created to fill a niche in the SolidJS community. We aim to create a framework that simplifies the initial project setup and provides a rich experience for a SolidJS SPA. SolidStart is a great choice if you wish to use SSR, but if you prefer using an SPA, Stein is the right choice for you.

### Features:
- A solid foundation for your SolidJS SPA
- Improved project scaffolding and setup using the Stein CLI
- Modular plugin system with plug and play experience (inspired by Nuxt)
- Zero-config integrations with popular libraries like Tailwind and UnoCSS (more coming soon)
- More coming soon (help us out!)

## 🛠️ Contributing
We welcome contributions to Stein. If you're interested in contributing, please read our [contributing guide](https://github.com/steinjs/stein/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and reach out through GitHub (issues, discussions) or on [Discord](https://discord.gg/BFTHz4x9UJ) to ask about something you'd like to work on.

Here's some ways you can help us:
- **Help us test the framework**: At the moment, we are just two developers working on the project. Any help in testing the framework and making sure it works well is appreciated to help us iron out any initial issues.
- **Write documentation**: The documentation is still a work in progress and we would love your help to make it better.
- **Provide feedback and suggestions**: We're always looking for feedback on how we can improve the framework. If you have any suggestions, please let us know!

## 👥 Community
If you want to get in touch with the community and stay up to date, feel free to join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/BFTHz4x9UJ). This is where you can chat with us, get some insights into the current state of development and ask any questions.

### Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/steinjs/stein/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=steinjs/stein" />
</a>

## 📜 License
We love open source and are grateful for any support we receive from the community. Stein is free and open source and licensed under the MIT license.

*Copyright © 2024 Stein contributors*

Commit message:

docs(README): update project motivation/philosophy

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <img alt="Stein Banner" src="https://github.com/steinjs/stein/blob/39642453d9e10aa181e4da245d89ba57a51adffd/.github/stein_banner.svg" width="100%">
  </picture>
</p>

![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40steinjs%2Fcore?style=flat&color=5a8dbd)
![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/%40steinjs%2Fcore?style=flat&color=5a8dbd)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/steinjs/stein?style=flat&color=5a8dbd)

Stein is a framework for [SolidJS](https://solidjs.com) built on top of Vite to provide helpers and tools to make your life easier while developing SPAs. It is modular with a plugin system based on Vite plugins and a CLI to make it easy to get started.

## ⬇️ Install
The **recommended** way to get started using Stein is by running the command below:

```bash
npm create stein@latest
```
The process should look something like this:

![stein_cli](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8b26aa5b-1471-4177-a8c1-e3d679a96853)

For more detailed instructions, please reference our [Getting Started](https://stein.js.org/docs/core/) guide.

## ⁉️ Why Stein?
We aim to create a framework that simplifies the initial project setup and provides a rich experience for a SolidJS SPA.
Our core philosophy is "do one thing and do it well", and in this case we just want an experience which is close to building a SPA using just Vite, but with some extra bells and whistles to improve developer experience. 
We are not trying to compete with the current offerings in the ecosystem but rather provide an alternative with some opiniated defaults provided by us.

### Features:
- A solid foundation for your SolidJS SPA
- Improved project scaffolding and setup using the Stein CLI
- Modular plugin system with plug and play experience (inspired by Nuxt)
- Zero-config integrations with popular libraries like Tailwind and UnoCSS (more coming soon)
- More coming soon (help us out!)

## 🛠️ Contributing
We welcome contributions to Stein. If you're interested in contributing, please read our [contributing guide](https://github.com/steinjs/stein/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and reach out through GitHub (issues, discussions) or on [Discord](https://discord.gg/BFTHz4x9UJ) to ask about something you'd like to work on.

Here's some ways you can help us:
- **Help us test the framework**: At the moment, we are just two developers working on the project. Any help in testing the framework and making sure it works well is appreciated to help us iron out any initial issues.
- **Write documentation**: The documentation is still a work in progress and we would love your help to make it better.
- **Provide feedback and suggestions**: We're always looking for feedback on how we can improve the framework. If you have any suggestions, please let us know!

## 👥 Community
If you want to get in touch with the community and stay up to date, feel free to join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/BFTHz4x9UJ). This is where you can chat with us, get some insights into the current state of development and ask any questions.

### Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/steinjs/stein/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=steinjs/stein" />
</a>

## 📜 License
We love open source and are grateful for any support we receive from the community. Stein is free and open source and licensed under the MIT license.

*Copyright © 2024 Stein contributors*
